Know in the last I'm going to talk about the detailed specs and brought out detailed specifications
of all your system your app your website or web app.
Now detailed specifications are sometimes necessary venue or whatever you are designing for example
if you are designing an airline software which is going to be installed on airplanes and you can see
that airplane are aviation technology which is very you can say detail and you have to get each and
every step and details because it is about the safety.
It is a critical app because your app can make a plane crash and hundreds of people are going to lose
their lives.
So your dis user experience design process will be very elaborate.
You are going to have very detailed specifications you are going to generate tasks and functionality
of each app.
The whole interaction everything in detail your user expense design process might take a whole year
at twelve months or maybe more than that to develop that design specifications and develop that actual
app.
Now here we are going to work with your developer and development team to create all these specs because
sometimes there is miscommunication between designers as Europeans designers and developers so try to
communicate with them normally in all other designs mostly which are not you can say very critical apps
where we have life saving a life threatening apps things like that.
We have mostly specs which are going to have high fidelity mockups which are original designs.
We will have wire frames we will have interactive prototypes to show then we will have dos inventory
diagrams side maps and user floors.
So these are actually the major diagrams of things maybe your system model the whole the whole system
model who is it is a whole it is going to work things like that.
Maybe you use guesses but I normally don't use used guesses and most of the time and on the business
side you might have visibility or reports or your limitations or cost or things like that.
Maybe strategy your plan of having different features at different times.
Things like that.
These are different things you are going to generate in user expense design process.
At the end.
Now let's see why.
Actually we are going to deliver these detailed specs and in what are the aspects we are going to cover
in our specs.
Now this is actually very important.
You have to you know create an image of this one into your minds into your tiny tiny or large brains
anyhow.
So we have functionality and features so functionality and features is actually what is this system
capable of.
So what is this system can do.
So these are actually the features.
For example we are just launching 10 features or five features in our first release of our app.
Then next we have floor of app.
We have navigational pod.
We have information in architecture that is going to cover this section we have guards sorting.
We have user flaws.
We have site maps that are going to cover.
Then we have interactivity we I have already showed you a prototype which was deeper today.
We're going to show our developers rather than telling them in a long detailed document that this is
how it should work.
This is how user is going to get error messages.
This is how users are going to log in.
So these are interactive prototypes we are going to have then we are going to develop site map which
is also going to show the boundary of app or website that this is the broad spectrum image of your whole
pages and sub pages.
These are actually the pages that are going to be produced by a web developer.
Then we have detailed wireframe.
So we also want to make sure the content and how that content has been organized on each page how the
product page is showing the details of your product or addresses what is present or what their colors
the sizes the size guide are.
We have fabric type.
These things are easily viewable or easily you can say readable for use users.
Does that those make sense that does the user really need this content detail.
We are going to check all that messaging and details of our content in Wired frames.
So that is all about detailed specs and what should be in your detailed specs and what should be in
your deliverables when you are ending a user experience design process and you are delivering your documents
and whatever research or things you have created to your design and development team mostly you are
going to work together with them you are not going to just deliver them the documents and go home and
sleep and just the work they are going to do you are going to collaborate them on a daily basis you
are going to go to them and see the progress on each step.
Show me what you have done right now.
No this is not the user want see this document over there.
The user interview we did for the first end user.
This is the requirement we got.
You are making and you are not making the right sense or right use of that.
So this is actually going to happen because before implementation or coding you are going you have more
time and you can easily save cost if you try to you know interfere in that.
So try to collaborate with your developers your design team you are a huge expense designer you might
have some design experience so you will be working closely with developers.
So that is all you are also going to include your CEO because they also have a lot and marketing team
because they have a lot of more insight into customers and their purchasing behavior.
So that is all.
If you have any questions to ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson.